♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Save the Easter Egg Hunt."
[sniffing]
Jelly beans! [sniffing]
Yellow. [sniffing]
-And pink!
-Yes!
[sniffing] Gummy bunny!
Wow, Chase.
No one can sniff out treats like you.
[sniffing] Something marshmallow-y
and… wet dog!
Wet dog?
Ew!
Sorry, dude.
Are you pups practicing
for Mayor Goodway's
awesome annual Easter egg hunt?
Oh yeah!
We're going to find all kinds
of cool Easter eggs and stuff tomorrow.
Okay, guys, back to the drill!
Egg alert! Hollow log!
Go, go, go!
[barks]
[barks] Claw.
Practice egg has been found.
Egg alert! Behind Zuma's bowl!
Got it!
"Eggcellent" egg spotting, Skye.
Only one more to go!
Egg alert! Under the boardwalk!
[sniffing]
Hey, you're not an egg.
-[laughs]
-[laughs] With all this practice,
you pups will have a great time
at the Easter egg hunt.
Coming through!
Look at all the eggs I can carry.
Whoa! Whoa!
[Chase] Steady, Marshall.
Whoa!
-[grunts]
-[cracking]
Uh-oh!
You know, Marshall,
Easter eggs are usually hard boiled.
Oh, that would be less messy.
[chuckles]
[humming]
Alex, are you ready
for the biggest, most awesome
Easter egg hunt you've ever seen?
Yeah! I love Easter egg hunts!
Putting together a big event's
certainly a lot of work. Phew!
[clucks]
[clucking]
Whoa!
Ouchie.
-[beeps]
-Okay, every puppy,
just follow
the bouncing bunnies on the screen.
[dance music playing]
♪ You want to do a Bunny dance?
It's a really funny chance ♪
[all] ♪ To shake your tail ♪
♪ And hop, hop, hop ♪
We're getting it.
[chuckles] Wait for me!
♪ Just shake your tail ♪
♪ And hop, hop, stop ♪
Hop, hop-- whoa!
[all grunt]
[all laugh]
Let's try that again.
On your mark…
get set… go!
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Ryder here.
Oh, sorry, Mayor.
Ryder here.
Oh, Ryder,
this is the worst disaster ever!
Mayor Goodway sprained her arm.
I'm sorry, Mayor Goodway.
I haven't finished dying the eggs…
or hiding the goodies.
If I can't finish, the Easter egg hunt
will never be ready in time.
Poor Chickaletta's heart will be broken.
[clucks]
We'll help get
the Easter egg hunt ready, Mayor Goodway.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
-Thank you, Ryder.
-Hurry!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
Hop, hop-- Ryder!
"Hop, hop, Ryder?"
[all grunt]
Ryder needs us!
Let's hop to it!
Wait up!
Hop, hop, hop! [grunts]
I think I hopped
when I should have shook my tail.
[laughs]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Sorry to interrupt
your bunny hopping, pups,
but some problems have come up
with the Easter egg hunt.
Uh-oh. Troubles with treats?
[beeps]
-Ooh!
-Mayor Goodway hurt her arm
and can't decorate or hide
the eggs in time.
All the kids in town
will be totally bummed.
The good news is we can help!
We're going to color and hide the eggs.
-Yeah! Awesome!
-I wanna help!
-Okay, first…
-[beeps]
…Rubble, I need you and your rig to bring
more eggs from Farmer Yumi's to City Hall.
Rubble on the double.
[beeps]
Next, I'll need Rocky.
Your Pup Pack tools are perfect
for dipping eggs into bowls of dye.
[beeps]
Zuma, we'll need your help
to color eggs too.
Marshall, I need you
and your water cannons
to decorate the eggs fast.
I'm fired up!
[beeps]
Skye, I need you to use
your wings and goggles
to find hiding places.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[whimpers]
-[Ryder] And Chase…
-[gasps]
Is on the case!
[all laugh]
[beeps]
I need you to keep
everything running smoothly.
It's all pups on deck.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
-[barks]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[all] Whoa! Whoa!
-[Skye] Yay!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[Ryder] Good luck getting
those eggs at Yumi's, Rubble.
[Rubble] I'm on it, Ryder.
[sirens blaring]
Look, Chickaletta,
Ryder and the PAW Patrol
are here to save our Easter egg hunt!
[clucks]
Glad to help, Mayor Bunny--
Uh, Goodway.
[laughs] Anyhoo, we really need
to hop to it to fill this basket.
That's a lot of Easter eggs.
We just have to work together.
Come on, guys. Let's do this.
[all laugh]
Whoa, Farmer Yumi.
How'd you get so many eggs?
My chickens have been
getting ready for Easter day and night,
and boy, are they tired.
[snoring]
[clucks]
They sure can snore big
for little chickens. [laughs]
[chuckles]
Look at the cute bunnies! [laughs]
They'd really be fun
at the Easter egg hunt.
But how would you even get them there?
Hmm…
[gasps] I know!
Follow the carrots, little bunnies.
[laughs]
Very nice, Zuma.
Thanks.
[clucking]
I'll dip these eggs.
[barks] Megaphone!
Nice egg, Rocky!
[gasps]
Oh, you scared me.
Sorry. I guess I was overly "eggcited."
♪ Wah, wah, wah ♪
[both laugh]
Now let's move them all into the basket.
One egg. Only a gazillion more to go.
[laughs]
[clucks]
[Goodway] Oh, dear.
Maybe that basket is too big.
What if we can't fill it up?
Mayor, just wait until you see
Marshall in action.
[barks] Water cannon.
Almost ready.
Okay, Marshall, fire away!
[barks]
No!
[laughs] Rocky,
those colors look "eggcellent" on you.
[both laugh]
Pink and yellow
don't work for this fellow.
[all laugh]
Maybe the decorating
will get done in time after all.
♪ Would you like an Easter egg? ♪
♪ I'll decorate it just for you ♪
♪ Pink, yellow, and blue ♪
♪ Squirt, splurt, squirt, splurt ♪
♪ Then we'll dance just like a bunny ♪
[all laugh]
♪ Wiggle my nose up real funny ♪
♪ Then wag our tails ♪
-♪ And hop, hop, hop ♪
-Oops!
♪ And hop, hop, hop, hop ♪
You sing, dance, and paint!
You are
the most talented pups in the world!
They are pretty amazing.
Look, Mayor Goodway.
I brought something to help:
a super special egg.
I painted it myself.
Alex, that's
the biggest, best Easter egg ever!
Super cool egg!
Can it go in the basket?
Can it?
This egg will have a place of honor.
Whoa…
That's one big egg.
[clucks]
[bird screeches]
Wow! It's an eagle!
Hi, eagle!
[screeches]
Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
Oh no! My Easter basket!
Come back!
[gasps] How did I get up here?
Uh, excuse me, Miss Eagle,
ma'am, uh, Mayor Goodway
kind of wants this basket
for the Easter egg hunt.
[screeches]
[theme song playing]